You are exactly what my brother-in-law said
Dare to insult my master in front of me
Believe it or not, I pulled your tongue out.
Lord Chen Ying
Why do women need to do it here?
These mercenaries I got from abroad
Let them do it for you
Will kill him here
obsessive
Sister Long, I advise you to bow your head and admit your mistake as soon as possible
If you apologize to Mrs. Shi now
Maybe you can let him spare your life
You don't need to be stubborn.
It's Lord Yin
It has been proved that he is not His Highness the Wolf Warrior
And you have to do nothing for this
The woman who met me expelled me
Wrong person
Never mind.
You can't wake a person who is pretending to sleep
He only chooses if he wants to believe in you
Even if you decide
But
You guys are clearly not enough, are you?
Three adults
How dare this person humiliate His Royal Highness the War Emperor like this
Do you dare to join me?
Cut him to pieces
You don't have much time to choose.
Would you like to be with my brother?
Defend this lying woman
Or would you rather hang with me in peace
After all, the Warlord is coming soon
The richest merchant in Bohai City
May Madam Zhujing help?
And I, Mrs. Wang Pengyuan, live in Jin, to help
Can delay
important
Are you still going to die?
Just rely on you local chickens to dig
Plus you, all of you together
Still not enough, is it?
What if you add the Phoenix Force?